Prior 2017 dimsum for us occurs in moments of family gatherings. We knew that our father had a restaurant in Nytorv called Taste of Fortune and we knew that it was a place with our father’s dream embodied. He had the idea that Asian food deserves more appreciation in Denmark, and therefore from 2008 - 2017 the location that soon is to become Hidden Dimsum served a variety of Asian food from Sushi, Thai to dimsum. 

Perhaps it is written in the destiny that 2017 should become another turning point for the historical building at Nytorv that once was home of Mozart’s wife Constanze and afterwards in the middle 19th century housed a famous publishing bookseller named Otto B. Wroblewski now is about to extend the Silk Road into Copenhagen. In 2017 our father decided to go for a retirement and we took over the restaurant and turned it to a dimsum house called Hidden Dimsum. 

Our goal was very clear. We wanted to fulfill our father’s dream that one day the Danes will come to love Asian food and not any Asian food. One day the Danes are going to appreciate dimsum not because dimsum is more special than say tapas, but in dimsum you will find the ancient philosophy of life and elements of zen Buddhism. 

“Dim" means to touch and “sum” means heart. Therefore dimsum emphasizes on attitude towards life. Nothing is impossible for those who carries the will and whatever one decide to undertake one must undertake wholeheartedly. Furthermore dimsum emphasizes on valuing the actual moment. What is past cannot be undone and what is future is uncertain. All we have is therefore the present. Therefore, as we gather around the table we will have to live in the present moment. Dimsum brings our attention to the present moment.

How does dimsum brings the attention to the present moment? At Hidden Dimsum all our dimsum are fully handmade. We control the entire dimsum process from raw material selection, dough kneading to getting the fillings right and steaming it to perfection for keeping the juice inside the thin paste. All this is done with one single purpose. When you sit around our table in the historical building with our hosts guiding you through the dimsum landscape, we want as soon as we put the steaming hot bamboo steamer on your table to bring your mental state on the present moment. Dearest guest, it is only in this moment that bonds can be formed between you and the moment becomes meaningful. 

Since 2017 Hidden Dimsum has become synonymous to dimsum in Copenhagen. We extended the Silk Road to the heart of Copenhagen while continuously experimenting with new dimsum variants. We mixed the best sea food found locally into the dimsum and created unique new dimsum tastes and through this process of ever changing, we understood the nature of emptiness. Through COVID-19 our guests stand close by with us, supported us and soon on the other side, we are determined to let dimsum root and bloom in Denmark, hence we always end our writing with,

We are dimsum!  
 